This will be the notepad for this project.

Basically, I need a solution for sleeping X amount of minutes, as 
precisely as possible.

I think I can create a neural net which can infer time of falling asleep 
based on only heart rate data.

I believe the industry standard is really bad (relies on people waring 
smartwatch while going to bed, mainly focuses on whether the watch is 
moving, adding a few minutes because people dont sleep as soon as they 
stop moving, more likely to log sleep if at night, etc.) This is the 
reason why there doesn't exist this application already. People arent 
able to infer when u fall asleep.

So, maybe I should use a combination of heart rate and accelerometer; 
but that data I can't practice on. I would need to get a device and log 
my sleep with a custom app. Unfortunately I'm uncomfortable with 
purchasing gadgets for projects, because in the past I have never 
completed a project for which I needed to purchase some hardware. 
Granted, I do still plan to use some of the hardware I've purchased for 
practice in other domains.

It's really a bummer to not get it on the first try and not know what 
the reason is. So I'm super depressed right now because I really want to 
make this application happen. I think the potential is huge, for 
undisclosed reasons.

JESUS im sad.

Ok, here's what I at the very least have:
 - Real life heart rate data
 - Some knowledge on working with bigger datasets

Maybe the secret to succeeding is manually reducing my heart rate when I 
fall asleep so I can have a hard floor for when "asleep" is counted... 
lol

Based on my limited sleep knowledge, I would guess that heart rate 
variability is the key feature to look at.

Perhaps I can even solve this issue with a linear regression. But that 
would mean that I should cool off in relatively the same time for 
accurate measures. That's not really an option, but I'm not sure how you 
can even get a better resolution.

Now that I think about it, maybe a 2D Conv might do the trick. Here me out.
I can have different sections of the 2D plane be for different time scales.

Ok that's pretty much all I got... haaa ha

Perhaps the best thing I can do is read research papers, try to 
implement the networks which people have tested on similar or the same 
data and develop a better intuition for this problem over time.

Wish me luck.
